First version of the LLM roadmap package closes #1 (#2)
giis-uniovi/llm-testing-roadmap-rp: README.md

[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.17144161.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17144161)

> # Replication package for *'Large Language Models  for Software Testing: A Research Roadmap'*

Reviewer: Delete blank spaces in the paper title

> This repository contains the replication package of the paper *Large Language Models  for Software Testing: A Research Roadmap*

Reviewer: Delete blank spaces in the paper title

published at *TO-DO*

> The replication package includes the raw data used in the roadmap, along with an [interactive view hosted in GitHub Pages](https://giis-uniovi.github.io/llm-testing-roadmap-rp/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This replication package includes the raw data from the papers analyzed in the roadmap and an [interactive view of them hosted in GitHub Pages] (https://giis-uniovi.github.io/llm-testing-roadmap-rp/
```

> ). The raw dataset is available in the [/data](/data) directory and is also archived on [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17144161) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
). The raw dataset is a csv file available in the [/data](/data) directory and its structure (columns) is as follows: (**describe in form of list the columns of csv**).
The replication package is also archived on [Zenodo](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.17144161) 
```

## Contributing

See the general contribution policies and guidelines for *giis-uniovi* at
[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/giis-uniovi/.github/blob/main/profile/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Contact

Contact any of the researchers who authored the paper; their affiliation and contact information are provided in the
paper itself.

## Citing this work

- Cristian Augusto, Antonia Bertolino, Guglielmo De Angelis, Francesca Lonetti and Jesús Morán, “Large Language Models  for Software Testing: A Research Roadmap” in TO-DO   [https://doi.org/XXXXX](TO-DO) - [Full Paper available](TO-DO) - [Authors version](TO-DO) -
  [Download citation](TO-DO)

## Acknowledgments

> This work was supported in part by the project PID2022-137646OB-C32 under Grant MCIN/ AEI/10.13039/501100011033/FEDER,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This work was supported in part by the project EQUAVEL (PID2022-137646OB-C32) funded by MCIN/AEI/10.13039/501100011033/FEDER,
```

UE,

> by the [Ministry of Science and Innovation (SPAIN)](https://www.ciencia.gob.es/) and in part by the European [HORIZON-KDT-JU research project MATISSE](https://matisse-kdt.eu/): *"Model-based

Reviewer: Delete the reference and the URL of the Ministry of Science and Innovation
